_Note: Minutes were taken in Google Drive & originally transferred over the repository Wiki._

## Meeting One
26/9/20
<br>Participants: All

| Topic  | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Introductions - names & where everyone is based  | Yujia in China, rest in Auckland  |
|Team Agreement:   | https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nKhtIg_WznAdGVwCccWf6Jv12UlhZAzxIUSsgVrNFzg/edit# |
|Github  | To Join Github: https://classroom.github.com/g/xe3ukrNi. <br> Our Repository: https://github.com/SoftEng306-2020/project-2-team-9 |  
|Next Meeting   | September 30, 2pm (Zoom) |

## Meeting Two
30/09/20
<br>Participants: All
<br>Zoom Link: https://us04web.zoom.us/j/3553717762?pwd=bzMrVFkrSHIrdXgvN3FzSmxZeWtyQT09

| Topic  | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
|Trello  | https://trello.com/invite/b/nY4ib2Rs/8b9a61363d3a9fc6cf062e130a601d59/softeng306-project-2 |
|Run Through the Project Overview    | https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nKhtIg_WznAdGVwCccWf6Jv12UlhZAzxIUSsgVrNFzg/edit# |
|Tasks for Part One | To Join Github: https://classroom.github.com/g/xe3ukrNi. <br> Our Repository: https://github.com/SoftEng306-2020/project-2-team-9 |  
|Allocate Tasks & Deadlines | Class & Use Diagrams: By end of weekend <br> Metrics: done by Wednesday <br> Reviewing: done by end of Thursday <br> Submission: Due Friday 1pm <br> Group one: Class Diagram - IntelliJ - Yujia, Xinyi, Anmol, Callum <br> Group two: Use Case - Hana, Sarah, Kevin <br> Each group review the other group’s diagrams <br> Each group come up with each of the metrics and then compare <br> Review & comparison done by Thursday End of Day |
|Next Meeting | Full team meeting Monday 5 Oct - 2pm (Zoom)<br> Group one: Thursday 1 Oct 2pm (Zoom)<br> Group two: Friday 2 Oct 2pm (Zoom) |


## Meeting Three
01/10/20 <br>
Participants: Yujia, Xinyi, Anmol, Callum (Group 1 -  UML class diagram) <br>
Zoom Link : https://auckland.zoom.us/j/2095834296 <br>

| Topic  | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| LucidChart | https://app.lucidchart.com/invitations/accept/86eed98a-23a5-4ce1-8b7b-f82a85cf9170 <br>  |
| Class Allocation   | Yujia: Enum-> Coursework Component <br> Callum: FileMgr -> Lecture Group <br>Xinyi: MainComponent - > StudentMgr<br> Anmol: SubComponent->ValidationMgr |
|Next Meeting   | Oct 4, 2pm (Zoom) |

## Meeting Four
02/10/20 <br>
Participants: Hana, Sarah, Jiawei (Group 2 - Use Case diagram) <br>

| Topic  | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| LucidChart | https://app.lucidchart.com/documents/edit/e43e0d13-154c-45d9-a68c-a99d3a827a80/0_0?shared=true&fbclid=IwAR0PEUbfEuAyayGOu1eT5Htd96cqLnYnYSfnU7AwOx7AdK0mh3uRnlEzc2I#?folder_id=home&browser=icon <br>Jiawei made document and started the outline.  <br>Work on the diagram together during a meeting |
|Next Meeting   | Oct 8, 8pm (Zoom) |

## Meeting Five
4/10/20 <br>
Participants: Anmol, Callum, Yujia, Xinyi <br>

| Topic  | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| LucidChart | https://lucid.app/documents/edit/41ca1198-4390-404a-afa6-50252299d13f/HWEp-vi-RSFO?shared=true&fbclid=IwAR018d-XySjCXJ2Ikxq5uhUMCi7OsLTPsklM_HZrji5cZDKpYEj0KAB6zno#?folder_id=home&browser=icon|
|Next Meeting   | Full Team Meeting 2pm 5 Oct |

## Meeting Six
4/10/20 <br>
Participants: Hana, Sarah, Jiawei <br>

| Topic  | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| LucidChart | Lucid Chart: https://app.lucidchart.com/documents/edit/e43e0d13-154c-45d9-a68c-a99d3a827a80/0_0?shared=true&fbclid=IwAR0PEUbfEuAyayGOu1eT5Htd96cqLnYnYSfnU7AwOx7AdK0mh3uRnlEzc2I#?folder_id=home&browser=icon <br> Fix up during the meeting|
|Use Case Descriptions | https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iPT_rhHctzjuNdXOQKEt0IBXXrfKExWP8dKca1XIQjc/edit <br>Jiawei started framework. <br> Work on during meeting.|
|Next Meeting   | Next Meeting Full Team Meeting 2 pm 5 Oct |

## Meeting Seven
5/10/20 <br> 
Participants: All <br>
Zoom Link: https://us04web.zoom.us/j/3553717762?pwd=bzMrVFkrSHIrdXgvN3FzSmxZeWtyQT09

| Topic  | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| General| Put minutes on repo <br> Add tutor to Trello|
| Group 1 Update | https://lucid.app/documents/edit/41ca1198-4390-404a-afa6-50252299d13f/HWEp-vi-RSFO?shared=true&fbclid=IwAR018d-XySjCXJ2Ikxq5uhUMCi7OsLTPsklM_HZrji5cZDKpYEj0KAB6zno#?folder_id=home&browser=icon|
| Group 2 Update | Use Case Descriptions: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iPT_rhHctzjuNdXOQKEt0IBXXrfKExWP8dKca1XIQjc/edit <br> LucidChart: https://app.lucidchart.com/documents/edit/e43e0d13-154c-45d9-a68c-a99d3a827a80/0_0?shared=true&fbclid=IwAR0PEUbfEuAyayGOu1eT5Htd96cqLnYnYSfnU7AwOx7AdK0mh3uRnlEzc2I#?folder_id=home&browser=icon|
| Feedback Logistics| Checking Group One: <br> Check that nothing has been missed, check the relationships between classes have been done correctly (no double ups, unintentional reciprocal relations)<br> Checking Group Two: <br> Overview of whether diagram and descriptions are too detailed/not detailed enough|
| Next Steps| Hana to add minutes to repo, tutor to Trello <br> Review other group’s diagram <br> Calculate Metrics: Group 1 - DIT & CBO, Group 2 Fan In. <br> All to be done by End of Wednesday |
|Next Meeting   | Thursday 2 pm (Zoom) |

## Meeting Eight
8/10/20 <br>
Participants: All <br>

| Topic  | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| General| Wrapping up Part 1|
| Next steps | Looking at code, lectures, diagrams, project |
| Next Meeting | 10 Oct 2pm |

## Meeting Nine
10/10/20 <br>
Participants: All <br>
Zoom Link: https://us04web.zoom.us/j/79101387494?pwd=UEY3clVBU2lEUFRrMEZoeVh3T2hQQT09

| Topic  | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| General| Moving on to part 2 now. Will start with investigating design smells in pairs/3s|
| Design Smells Investigation | Yujia & Kevin - rigidity and fragility <br> Sarah & Hana - Needless complexity, Needless repetition <br> Xinyi, Anmol, Callum - Immobility, Viscosity, Opacity|
| Before Next Meeting | identify design smells, have them explained in CONTEXT, propose potential solution/s (ideally how fixes could be implemented in UML and/or code) - solutions linked to SOLID principles. |
| Next Meeting | Saturday 2pm |

##Meeting Ten
15/10/20 <br>
Participants: All <br>

| Topic  | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| General| In today's meeting reporting back on design smells, findings|
|Notes | Split manager classes <br> Get rid of magic numbers (student generate ID) <br> FileMGR makes immobile <br> Generate student ID, marks stuff move into managers <br> Unused code <br> Change main to remove fields <br> Duplicate code (opacity) <br> Long classes, long methods need to be split <br> Some classes/methods/variables can be completely deleted <br> Some code can be combined.|
|Task Allocation| Hana, Kevin, Yujia to work on UML overall structure. Saturday at 3pm meeting. Again Sunday with Anmol to review. Anmol suggests longer to work on UML than one day. Doesn’t have to be 100% finalised at this stage because the project still fluid.<br>Others start working on a report, keep looking for design smells. Start playing around with the code.
|Next Meeting(s) | Saturday at 3pm - Hana, Kevin, Yujia UML <br> Sunday 3pm - Hana, Kevin, Yujia, Anmol UML <br> Full team 20 October|

##Meeting Eleven
20/10/20 <br>
Participants: All <br>

| Topic  | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| UML changes made | Department Object made <br> Department Manager <br> FileMGR split into multiple FileMGR classes with FileMGR interface <br> FileMGR constants put into FileMGR interface <br> ALT makes a new class to hold constants <br>  Object Manager interface <br> Put Help/Validation Mgr stuff into respective Object Manager classes <br> Move StudentIDGenerator into StudentMgr class|
|Questions | Existing Enums: could consider putting into relevant classes. Are they used in multiple places? <br> One option: Keep class as is, can remove comparator <br> Second option: Only use one ‘Group’ object - with an Enum type showing what kind of group it is <br> Either way, could be considered as having needless complexity: having the comparators vs having the redundant separate classes. <br> Taking fields out of main and putting into managers <br> Component stuff: delete print methods <br> Validation considerations: could break up into object/mgr classes, could split into input vs validation  |
| Next Steps | Continue work on report <br> Start code refactoring: <br> FileMGR split up - Yujia, Kevin <br> Object manager interfaces - Callum <br> Moving the validation & help MGR methods to Object manager classes - Yujia, Kevin <br> Object manager class - Xinyi, Anmol |
|Next Meeting | 23 Oct 2pm|

##Meeting Twelve 
23/10/20 <br>
Participants: All <br>

| Topic  | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| To be Done | Course Manager split up - splitting into CourseComponentManager <br> Giving all object managers with validation/help info methods separate support classes, create interface <br> Get rid of sub group types - just use group (needless complexity). Already handled in course manager. <br> Implement object manager interface <br> finish file manager changes <br> Moving arrays out of main into managers - main instantiating different managers which each load content from file when instantiated. <br> OVERALL CODE REVIEW <br> Collation of things changed <br> Metrics <br> UML finish off  <br> Report|
| Deadlines|CODE ready for overall review by end of Monday - Monday 9pm <br> Metrics & UML - Metrics end of Wednesday <br> Report - finished and 99% proofread by end of thursday/before people go to sleep that night. |
| Allocating tasks | <br> Kevin - merge in validation stuff <br> Sarah & Hana - file manager changes <br> Kevin & Yujia & Xinyi - create support managers <br> Anmol - course component manager & group refactoring <br> Hana - Collate changes that have been made <br> Callum - arrays out of main into managers <br> Xinyi - testing functionality <br> Sarah - skim over code for anything missed |
| Next meeting | 26 Oct 2pm |

##Meeting Thirteen
26/10/20 <br>
Participants: All <br>

| Topic  | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Updates | Hana: File manager stuff <br> Sarah: File manager, report <br> Xinyi: object manager class - split long functions <br> Callum: main class <br> Kevin: manager classes merged <br> Yujia: Support managers <br> Anmol: split course components |
| To Do |Code: <br> Package for objects - Sarah <br> Add documentation - Sarah and Hana <br> Often concrete classes are instantiated, but it should be interfaces instead - Hana & Sarah <br> Changing ArrayList to List - Hana & Sarah  <br> Components - Make abstract class an interface and implement in two classes <br> <br> Report: <br> Intro/Conclusion - Anmol <br> Design smells - Sarah <br> SOLID Principles - Callum, Hana, Sarah <br> Metric Analysis - Yujia, Xinyi, Kevin <br> Overall comparison/design analysis - Kevin, Hana <br> Format - Hana <br> Editing - Hana, Anmol<br><br>Metric calculation: <br> Metrics will be split into same groups as they were the first time <br> Metrics will be done after UML<br><br> UML diagram - Anmol |
| Next Meeting | 28 Oct 2pm|

##Meeting Thirteen
28/10/20 <br>
Participants: All <br>

| Topic  | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
|Update| Everyone on track, UML and metrics done. |
|To Do| Responsibilities list, continue tasks from last meeting|
|Next Meeting| Friday 2pm|

##Meeting Fourteen
30/10/20 <br>
Participants: All <br>

| Topic  | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Update | Report 95% done, just a few things to finalise |
| To Do |For everyone to do: (in the report) <br> Have a skim read through <br> Check the design smell you originally investigated <br> Check the parts of the report that are directly related to the code you refactored <br> Check your name in the participation table <br> When you have done all of the above, just send a confirmation message to the chat <br> <br> Double check the functionality of software. |
| Next Meeting| 31 Oct 2pm|

##Meeting Fifteen
31/10/20 <br>
Participants: All <br>

| Topic  | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Update | Everything very close to submission | 
| To Do | Documentation & update/format minutes - Hana <br> Final proofread - All <br> Submission - Hana |







